Added another option that works to make the classic designer work. (#845)
dotnet/winforms: Documentation/winforms-designer.md

# Using the .NET Framework WinForms Designer in WinForms Core

At this point, a dedicated WinForms Designer for WinForms .NET Core is not yet available. As a workaround, you can use Visual Studio's option to work with linked files and use its WinForms Designer for the .NET Framework.

Here is, how it is done:

:point_up: **TIP:** During the process, you need to re-nest Form files in the .NET Framework project whenever you add a new `Form` or a `UserControl`. Instead of using a text editor for patching the project file, you can use Mad Kristensen's [File Nesting Extension][file-nesting-extension], which is recommended to be installed beforehand.<br/>
Please close every open instance of Visual Studio before installing this extension.

## Create WinForms .NET Core app

> Visual Studio does not currently ship a WinForms .NET Core app template, so if you want to build a WinForms .NET Core app, you need to create an app first from a command line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

## Preparing the WinForms Core App for the Classic Designer

### Option 1

1. Start Visual Studio and open this project.
1. Save the project in Visual Studio, and with that, also save the Solution file.

> 1. Open the context menu of the solution (not the project!) in the Solution Explorer and chose *Add New Project*.

Reviewer 2: Another non related to your change suggestion is to make the UI names like this one bold. That's our style guide for UI elements.

```suggestion
1. Open the context menu of the solution (not the project!) in the Solution Explorer and chose **Add New Project**.
```

Reviewer: We can only double click a NETCore project, NETFx project must be unloaded, opened via RMB etc or opened in a text editor outside VS.
We need to make sure it is clear that we are talking about a NETCore project

1. Erase the existing Form files in both projects.

> #### The following steps you always repeat, when you need to insert a new Form or a new UserControl

Reviewer 2: Not related to your change but I think it would probably read better

```suggestion
#### Inserting a new Form or a new UserControl

Always repeat the following steps when inserting a new Form or a new UserControl:
```

> 1. In the Classing Framework project, open the project's context menu, and click *Add New Item*.

Reviewer 2: Not related to your change but I see a typo here

```suggestion
1. In the classic Framework project, open the project's context menu, and click *Add New Item*.
```

Reviewer 2: BTW @merriemcgaw @OliaG we don't typically call .NET Framework apps classic. It's simply .NET Framework or .NET Core. If Framework is classic, what will we call the Core Designer?

Reviewer: Then we should say 
```suggestion
1. In the .NET Framework project, open the project's context menu, and click *Add New Item*.
```

Reviewer 2: Yeah something like that. But this whole file talks about the classic designer, so I'm not sure if this is by design. Another suggestion would be:

```suggestion
1. In Solution Explorer, right-click the .NET Framework project and click **Add** > **New Item**.
```

Author: oof I selected the wrong one.

1. Erase the existing Form files in both projects.

#### Inserting a new Form or a new UserControl

Always repeat the following steps when inserting a new Form or a new UserControl:

> 1. In the classic Framework project, open the project's context menu, and click *Add New Item*.

Reviewer: There are number of reference to "Classic Framework" which isn't an officially endorsed name. I think it should read "_.NET Framework project_" and "_.NET Core project_".
@OliaG thoughts?

Reviewer 3: Agree, good point

Now, whenever you need to use the Designer on one of the Core Form or UserControl files, simply open the linked files in the Classic Framework project with the Classic Windows Forms Designer.

### Option 2

1. Start Visual Studio and open this project.
1. Save the project in Visual Studio, and with that, also save the Solution file.
1. Open the project file in the text editor and change the ``TargetFramework`` xml node from:

```xml
    <TargetFramework>netcoreapp3.0</TargetFramework>
```

to:

```xml
    <TargetFrameworks>net472;netcoreapp3.0</TargetFrameworks>
```

4. Keep the file open in editor and also add for any and every form file you have in this ``ItemGroup``:

```xml
<ItemGroup Condition="'$(TargetFramework)' == 'net472'">
    <Compile Update="Form1.cs">
        <SubType>Form</SubType>
    </Compile>
    <Compile Update="Form1.Designer.cs">
        <DependentUpon>Form1.cs</DependentUpon>
    </Compile>
    <EmbeddedResource Update="Form1.resx">
        <DependentUpon>Form1.cs</DependentUpon>

>         <! -- the resource generator that I forgot the name of. -->

Reviewer: Do you mean `<SubType>Designer</SubType>`?

Author: I did not know that is a valid subtype but I now remember that there is a ``<Generator></Generator>`` However I forgot if it is named the ``ResXCodeGenerator`` or something like that in that node.

Now, whenever you need to use the Designer on one of the Core Form or UserControl files, simply open the linked files in the Classic Framework project with the Classic Windows Forms Designer.

### Option 2

> 1. Start Visual Studio and open this project.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Start Visual Studio and open your .NET Core project.
```

> 1. Save the project in Visual Studio, and with that, also save the Solution file.

Reviewer 3: @AraHaan , I'm a little lost, why do we need this step? Are we just opening in VS a .NET application? Then I assume  we haven't made any changes yet so there is nothing to save?

Author: That is true, it is useless.

> 1. Open the project file in the text editor and change the ``TargetFramework`` xml node from:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Open the project file by clicking on your project in Solution Explorer. Change the ``TargetFramework`` property from:
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. In Solution Explorer, double click on your project to open it for editing. Change the `TargetFramework` property from:
```

Author: oof that sounds a bit better.

```xml
    <TargetFramework>netcoreapp3.0</TargetFramework>
```

to:

```xml
    <TargetFrameworks>net472;netcoreapp3.0</TargetFrameworks>

> ```

Reviewer: Suggest to reword the above to:

````
1. Open the project file in the text editor and replace the `TargetFramework` xml node

```xml
    <TargetFramework>netcoreapp3.0</TargetFramework>
```

with the following:

```xml
    <TargetFrameworks>net472;netcoreapp3.0</TargetFrameworks>
```
````

or maybe even git-diff style:

````
1. Open the project file in the text editor and replace the `TargetFramework` xml node with `TargetFrameworks`:

```diff
-    <TargetFramework>netcoreapp3.0</TargetFramework>
+    <TargetFrameworks>net472;netcoreapp3.0</TargetFrameworks>
```
````

Author: yes, git diff style seems better.

Author: Ok guys, need help renaming the last png to remove the ``004`` from the file name. Seems iPhone web github disabled the renamed on binary files sadly.

Also for the ones I noticed was better than the ones I applied please place another copy of the text so it can be applied on top of the ones I applied first. I noticed them afterwards. Also the git diff I would like that way too for easy apply since my iPhone has limited ways to push commits for free. Maybe github themselves can push something to the app store for iOS for a similar mobile version of github desktop.

> ![edit-project-file001][edit-project-file001]

Reviewer 3: You don't need to go to menu -> Edit ...csproj, since it's Core project the project file opens when you click on the project. I added it in the step about and would remove this picture.

> ![edit-project-file002][edit-project-file002]

Reviewer 3: I would either remove all pictures because you've done amazing job describing what should be updated to what above. Or I'd just leave the third picture, trim it to show TargetFrameworks and a few lines above and below and say "Now your project file should look similar to this"

![edit-project-file003][edit-project-file003]

> 4.Keep the file open in editor and also add for any and every form file you have in this ``ItemGroup``:

Reviewer 3: Interesting, I can do it without step 4. I just update <TargetFramework>-><TargetFrameworks>net472;netcoreapp3.0</TargetFrameworks> and I have the designer working for me. My app alsoo has .resx (text) @AraHaan could you try it?

my .csproj:
````xml
<Project Sdk="Microsoft.NET.Sdk.WindowsDesktop">
  <PropertyGroup>
    <OutputType>WinExe</OutputType>
    <TargetFrameworks>net472;netcoreapp3.0</TargetFrameworks>
    <UseWindowsForms>true</UseWindowsForms>
    <GenerateAssemblyInfo>false</GenerateAssemblyInfo>
  </PropertyGroup>
  
  <ItemGroup>
    <PackageReference Include="Microsoft.DotNet.Analyzers.Compatibility" Version="0.2.12-alpha"/>
    <PackageReference Include="NUnit" Version="3.11.0"/>
  </ItemGroup>
</Project>
````
My designer
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/31997351/58275832-d40a2f80-7d4a-11e9-8320-d9bb85b997db.png)

Maybe my case is not advanced enough, but I wonder what exactly requires those lines in the  project file?

Author: I did that so that the "Winforms” icon on the IDE shows up for all the form related files.
